can you at least prevent the crash
no can you at least a the people it's
being done what happened you were reborn
you are erased from your loved ones
lives dad I don't know you no parents no
friends no girlfriend the truth is you
no longer have a home now you are ready
why am I here this is an intersection
it's an exact replication of our world
we're behind your time
but we leave you behind in everything
else we conduct experiments here
[Music]
they're saying we're in 1941
there are camps
we can learn from their mistakes
just imagine there's a borderline
and it's right via and you're back
you can break free you shouldn't even
try
[Music]
where are you going
this world belongs to me
you